Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Good
morning everyone. Today is Tuesday,
January the 13th. My name is Anmie Band
and this is the Moneyball Morning Report
for the Benzinga Pro platform. We're
taking a look at the E- mini S&P as we
often start here. We're going to look
right at the 30-inut chart. If you do
want to expand it and see where we are,
we're still grinding higher. Made a
brand new high yesterday. We still have
higher lows. This is your typical
ascending triangle. And a lot of things
happen in these spaces relative to the
pressure that is sitting underneath.
Sometimes it breaks, sometimes it breaks
out. And so you can go, "Thanks, Captain
Obvious. What else you got for me?" What
we do realize is inside of the motion,
there are a lot of things that have to
bring themselves to fruition to figure
out, well, what's going on? So, the
first thing that I'm looking at is by
and large, are we still making higher
lows and higher highs? And the answer is
why yes, we are. Right? We broke through
this edge. We bottomed here at 6935
and now our floors keep getting raised.
The green line here at the bottom is put
support for the price action. The red
line above is call resistance in terms
of the option chains and those of course
are brought to us by mentor Q. So that
being said, what do we want to stare
down? Well, this is pretty important.
What are we battling with? We see we've
got a little bit of negative momentum,
but it's at the bottom of the range
where it normally tries to bounce. So,
that's pretty important. And the
momentum from this high to this lower
high still pretty bullish, right? In
general, there's nothing that's
marketkedly different about what's going
on with the price. So, the big thing we
have to look at is where are they
accumulating inventory? And so in my
estimation as we stare down the charts
at this lovely hour of 5:49 a.m. Eastern
time, the support floor looks like
69.998
or thereabouts. I've set an alert there.
Yep. And so it's going to tell me when
it gets there. I'm going to come into
the chart, collapse into a tighter time
frame, and then say, "Okay, let's see if
I've got bounce action showing. If I can
get above the anchored VWAP of the prior
day, I'm going to try and get back up
into 7,12. That makes the long trade.
Let's say you're staring down something
that makes you think, hey, I think it's
going to break down. What do you do if
it gets to 69.98
and it bounces and does not recover this
key zone that it's battling in right
now, which is about 7,4
that will give you your line in the
sand. Your VWAP could also be your stop
at 7,07.
So you can take the short from there and
watch it potentially collapse into the
prior days, two days prior anchored VWAP
and then walk down into the VWAP of this
formation here, our volume profile. That
number is 6981
and Marie, what if it moves to the
upside? Okay, here we go. Where have we
been accumulating inventory? It seems to
me that between 69.98 and 7, 2017, we've
been accumulating inventory. So that's
about 20 points. So if it breaks out
here and it does a 1:1, you're looking
for 20 points to the north, which would
give you a target of somewhere around
7,000 and 37, 7,040,
something like that. That's how I would
use the measured move. If perhap stance
you want something a little bit more
structured, you can use
a Fibonacci that steps you up, steps
your space up. And as you can see, this
measurement here that I spoke about
gives us our point of interest sitting
at 7,038.
The true value event of the upside break
has a lot to do with what's going on
with all of this inventory accumulation.
literally
for more than a hot minute, right? We've
been sitting around this area. It's
starting to break. So, the question is,
what's the big upside pressure event,
you know, potentially any man's guess,
any woman's guest, please allow me, the
mankind thing, so I don't have to go
through all the different whatevers.
Uh this, you know, 7,050 looks like the
upper edge, but you know, just take it
one step at a time, one one moment in
time, one step at a time. Dips or buys,
it's sitting in a space that's very
choppy. I would not initiate a trade in
here unless you want to get your wiggles
out and then open up your practice
account. All right? because the levels
that tell us we've got good shots are
simply not sitting here. They're much
further below. Good grief, I took a long
time with that one. Let's speed along
right here. Taking a look at the ENQ.
Same story board. Higher lows,
not quite higher highs overall, but in
the recent past, we've had our higher
highs. So, it's still building some kind
of framework. And if you're the type
that loves drawing these kinds of trend
lines, this is a pretty big trend line
break to the upside for these charts.
And so, it does appear that pullbacks
are buy zones in the same space. Here's
the fly in the ointment for this one.
You see where the put wall is? 24,500.
The call wall is at 26,000. I don't know
why I didn't have that as red, but
whatever. Um, 26,000 is that call wall
and you can see price action really sort
of struggling through, but holding on,
right? Holding on.
Well, that's not what was supposed to
happen, but there we go. Right. So, it's
sitting right at the edge of the
pressure vent. Remember yesterday I
said, "Listen, look for 25,750.
If it holds, it's along to 25,850."
And indeed, it went all the way up to
the call wall before breaking down. So,
what do they want to test? 25,850.
That's my supposition, right? My
supposition is they're going to come in,
test support. If it holds,
we can buy the long off of that area. If
you say to yourself, "Hey, why don't I
just put the order in and see if it
bounces?" Yes, absolutely you can do
that. The question is, the market hasn't
told you where the buyers are sitting
yet. If you have lower lows and lower
highs falling into 25,850,
what you want to see the traders do is
come in and if you want to do it fast,
like go to a one minute chart, heck, go
to 30 second chart, whatever you want to
do, go to a 100 tick, it doesn't matter.
Something that tells you, hey, buyers
just showed up here. If you've got uh a
depth of market or dome, you can go in
there and see how many people are
stacking in and get yourself in the
trade if you're so inclined. If it
fails, it's got two stair points.
25,800,
which is right in the middle of this big
gigantic movement, and 25,750. What do I
think?
I would not be surprised to see us come
right back down to 25,750 and then go
right back up. What have the prior days
been telling us? Big move up, big move
down. Big little move up, big move down,
big move up, big move down.
[clears throat] This is wash, rinse,
repeat, because we've got some things to
figure out. Okay, that's what we're
staring down. If you want to see what
happens to the upside,
think about where they've been
accumulating inventory.
And to me,
it looks like it's around here. Now, I
don't like it enough to draw Fibonacci
on it, but I could do a measured move,
right? And so, by measured move, I clone
it. I clone the measurement. It goes up
into the area, and that gives us what?
26,100.
Let's move this stroke so we know that
it's just an ordinary line. 26,125
or the midpoint 26,50.
Right? Those are potential upside shots
into that. So, how did I do that? I just
eyeballed the middle of this box. Right?
If you like uh more
uh what's that word?
precision, [laughter]
then just draw yourself Fibonacci. All
right, let's take a look at uh Micro
Bitcoin.
This one's been very interesting, right?
It just broke through. I just put this
order on when I started uh doing my work
about an hour and a half ago, and it
went off immediately. Right. So, it
topped out into this space at about uh
4:00 a.m.
and well 4:30 and um now it's rotating
back in. So, here's what we know. We
know it's got an upside pressure event
that so far is proving out as
resistance. Where is the call wall? All
the way down here at 88,000. As I've
mentioned, the level of sophistication
from the option traders in microbitcoin,
you can see that they're always getting
themselves on the back foot. Put wall
90,000 that's keeping them in
in whatever. And so they're they're
positive right there. But the call wall
here, they're completely upside down.
And so if that call wall does not move
and the size of it is big enough, price
action is going to start moving
dramatically. Look at this event. This
is what inventory accumulation looks
like. High, low, buy, squiggle around up
to the down to the low, up to the high,
down to the low, up to the high, hanging
on the midpoint. If this price action
holds, this is going to be a pretty big
move to the upside.
So, eyeballing it, the first 50% range
is 94,000. So, I'm going to put an alert
there for us.
I think this is a number three here for
this one. And so,
did I do that right? Yes. Okay. So, that
alert at that 94,000 area going to be a
pretty nice marker for upside drift.
Notice the slope of the upward motion is
increasing. It was this, now it's this.
So, if it breaks down this one, let me
edit this alert.
We'll call this one number two.
Actually, no, call that number three.
Um,
so if we take a look at this support at
92,000,
if they come in and they hold it or they
look below and fail, you've got yourself
upside pressure into the north. If not,
you've got downside pressure to 91,100
and then 90,000 here. This is a big
pocket of volume. If they end up getting
above here to distribute, it's got some
legs. So, don't do anything crazy like
try to short the top of this. If it
starts breaking out through this zone
and particularly gets above this anchor
VWAP area of 93,000
and some change, right? We don't you
want to be super careful. Okay, let's
head to silver. And you know the silver
futures are going to give you the same
structural motion as
the micros.
So you pay attention to where the big
spaces are and you watch what the little
guys are doing to get yourself involved.
But it's what the big guys are doing
that are that's going to make the most
sense. All right. So, um, we've got our
first breakaway formation, 86,000,
excuse me, $86.34.
We've got upside pressure. Things are
still holding solidly. So, dips clearly
buys, but we're not making new highs.
So, let it break to the north. What
normally happens is in a savage break to
the north, it runs into stops, pulls
back, creates a new higher low, and then
Bob's your uncle. Okay? So, that's what
you're staring down. My thought would be
if it breaks above $86.34,
the pullback into the call wall, which
is sitting around about $85,
and it's also the point of sport, going
to give you a good shot at a long. Now,
let's say the traders are
being a little bit more sideways.
The floor of support $84.80.
Couple of wicks down here. So, you want
to see if it comes into $84. If it loses
79, watch for the wicks and then that
look below and fail. If you see the look
below and fail and it recovers those
wicks, very likely you've got yourself
long action back up to the top of the
box. So, my thought would be I like this
line better to eyeball where the floor
of support is rather than the breakaway
which is above that $84.80.
Then, if it happens to fade, that's
hilarious these names that they come up
with. If it happens to fade, $82.34
puts us in front of the low volume node
and then the VWAP below is here. Dips
certainly are buys. This has been in a
breakaway pattern since it broke above
um 75. 78 is the put wall. 85 is the
call wall. Okay, what do we do next?
Oil.
So oil, as I mentioned uh early in the
week or maybe at the end of last week, I
believe that oil is now going to start a
little bit of a rally that's going to
give inflation a run for its money. How
well they can manipulate price flows to
the south is going to be very
interesting in the near term. Callwall
61, put wall 58. The put wall continues
to climb. The call wall was at 62. It's
now 61. So they're sort of dancing
around that zone. If you listen to um
group coaching yesterday with uh D and
Hogue, we were talking about how these
guys on their monthly call walls, they
just sort of dance around these edges uh
trying to just collect premium. So it's
nothing super dramatic in the motion.
It's just directional flow. So what are
we staring down? Well, we just broke out
over 60 and that is uh something that we
want to do a retest on. Big fat round
number. If it if 60 comes in and you see
it hold, then you get to have the long
formation. If it loses 60, the next
support zone is going to be the value
area high and that's 5973.
So, it's about 2530 cents below. That
would be the next line you'd want to
watch if you were generally bullish on
the formations and the formation is
generally bullish. Okay, so there are a
lot of stair steps here. If it were me,
here's what I look at. Where have they
been
with inventory? Between 59.46 and $60.
If I clone that to the upside,
I can see it took it right to the wick
and then came back down. So if it loses
this ledge at 60, the next place I am
going to look for a potential buy event
because trend is up is $5946.
I won't be looking um above there unless
my momentum starts uh really hanging out
here at the top end and then I might do
something from that perspective.
Otherwise, not so much. Let's take a
look at gold.
Structurally, gold looks a fair bit
different than silver, right? You can
tell there's a lot more speculation
sitting in the silver chart right now.
Let's go to the daily and see what we've
got going on. Still higher lows and
higher highs. Right now, it came right
into Martin Armstrong's number. Maybe
just a little bit more. And that was
what 43 46 43 46 47 something like that.
And
it breached it, went up over 4650, and
now has started to fade. But what it's
doing is sitting in a zone of
accumulation. So what do we want to look
for? Well, we want to look for the base
of accumulation. And where is that?
Could it be 4600? Yes. Could it be that
they you could buy a 4600 and somebody
comes in and shakes your stop out? Yes,
that that definitely could be it. My
thought would be let it stabilize in
this zone and when it looks like it's
got upward pressure that would be listen
if you lose if you say hey and it starts
running up you could chase it but just
remember where resistance is and if you
start losing these levels like a look
below but you do not bounce we're going
to have a stair step down into the VWAP
and then this thin volume pocket could
easily bring us back down into 4535
something like that, right? That's what
we would stare down. Okay, let's take a
look at spy last.
Sorry about the novella here this
morning. SPY
looks solid, right? Higher highs.
The lows are a bit messy,
but still higher lows. Look at the
inventory that's being accumulated.
Could it be that this inventory event
that begins somewhere around I would say
the anchored VWAP that's 69313
that might be the floor of support once
it gets up over 6 693.82
then you've got yourself a buy zone to
the north. You know do we have some
earnings coming in potentially? We've
got news coming in potentially.
you know, the traders are going to sit a
little bit sideways here in my mind and
that means dips are going to be buy. So,
let's have a look at the last few days,
right? We had sideways action and a
breakout and then this gigantic wick
that became a dip and a buy and a dip
and a little buy and a dip and a buy and
a dip and a buy and a dip and a buy.
Guess what's going to happen, right?
Recent past predicting near-term future
dips or buys sweet spot $687
$688.
All right. Okay, folks. That's it for
me. I'll see you on the streams. Still
trying to get my sea legs back. Um
getting to sleep a little bit later and
later. This time I got up at 4, which
was absolutely fantastic. A lot more
sleep than the last couple of days. And
uh I continue to get back into the flow.
Okay, take care everybody. I'll see you
on the streams.